🐛 Queue topic --- Change caption to say "ducks" instead of "people" 🔬 (#1017)
jameshughes89/cs102: src/site/topics/queues/queue-adt.rst

    :width: 500 px
    :align: center

>     Example of a queue (lineup) of five ducks. The queue has two ends --- a front and a rear.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Example of a queue (lineup) of five ambiguous animals. The queue has two ends --- a front and a rear.
```

Author: lol, ok
